Add statementDescriptor to Embed guides (#59)
gr4vy/gr4vy-embed: packages/embed-react/README.md

| `metadata`                | `Object`    | An optional object of key/values for transaction metadata. All values should be a string.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 |
| `paymentSource`           | `null`      | `installment`, `recurring` - Can be used to signal that Embed is used to capture the first transaction for a subscription or an installment. When used, `store` is implied to be `true` and `display` is implied to be `supportsTokenization`. This means that payment options that do not support tokenization are automatically hidden. |
| `cartItems`               | `Array`     | An optional array of cart item objects, each object must define a `name`, `quantity`, and `unitAmount`.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   |

> | `statementDescriptor`               | `Object`     | An optional object with information about the purchase to construct the statement information the buyer will see in their bank statement. Please note support for these fields varies across payment service providers and underlying banks, so Gr4vy can only ensure a best effort approach for each supported platform. <br />As an example, most platforms will only support a concatenation of `name` and `description` fields, truncated to a length of 22 characters. <br />The object can contain `name`, `description`, `phone_number` and `url` keys, with string values. `phone_number` should be in E164 format. Gr4vy would recommend avoiding characters outside the alphanumeric range and the dot (`.`) to ensure wide compatbility. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `statementDescriptor`               | `Object`     | An optional object with information about the purchase to construct the statement information the buyer will see in their bank statement. Please note support for these fields varies across payment service providers and underlying banks, so Gr4vy can only ensure a best effort approach for each supported platform. <br />As an example, most platforms will only support a concatenation of `name` and `description` fields, truncated to a length of 22 characters. <br />The object can contain `name`, `description`, `phone_number` and `url` keys, with string values. `phone_number` should be in E164 format. Gr4vy recommends avoiding characters outside the alphanumeric range and the dot (`.`) to ensure wide compatibility. |
```
